hi Chantelle all right and from your
applause balance good good oh oh just
sign in to the shop we will get started
okay shot down do you want to have done
today um please get my haircut just
trimmed okay and a scalp and hair
treatment okay as well I don't like
waxing a few eyebrows oh okay all right
so we're just going to start with just
nice framing the face I know you like
your your bags fairly long so just kind
of below your chin right
bring right down here
that look like what you're looking for
yeah
that's why you like him yeah okay in
that case the haircutting hurt is not
going to get you prepared for the scalp
massage and a hair treatment okay
yeah I'm just gonna comb it through to
make sure that it's covered everywhere
okay there we go now we'll proceed to
the scalp massage part is that gliding
nicely or is it uncomfortable
and I was my pressure beautiful
I almost had a headache starting just
before you started home
you
we go and how is that you're quite
welcome then I will proceed to finishing
off with the hair tree okay I'm just
going to cover it with a plastic bag
okay so that it can retain all the heat
that you can produce that's not your tie
no discomfortable
okay again I'm going to wrap it with a
towel
so now we'll proceed to do your eyebrow
waxing okay just so that we know you
just want the lower part of your brow
done you don't want the upper part right
right
just some soothing oil'
so it's supposed to also help that it
doesn't grow back so fast so you're
satisfied with your brows yeah they're
happy you're very happy with it okay in
that case what we're going to do is
we're going to rinse out the hair
treatment and then we'll stop with okay
sounds good okay okay okay
now that it's all rinsed out we'll just
give it a comb out go with the relaxed
look I think the relaxed look
okay so oh is that is that what you had
in mind
yeah yeah we've managed to cover
everything yeah great oh how much
they're quite welcome so everything is
to your satisfaction and we'll see your
game next month
sounds good okay pretty much okay Kenny
bye
you